---
title: "Catherine T., Madison, WI"
image: "http://weddings.magnifiedjoy.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Cath-Josh-Feature-480x375.jpg"
---
Magnified Joy Photography just shot our wedding, and I have to say, the entire process with them was a JOY. We had a "non-traditional" short brunch ceremony in a park, and they were able to craft a custom quote for us which included Maria and En Tao shooting on the day of, plus a USB with our edited photos and an online gallery for friends and family to see...PLUS a complementary engagement shoot in the beautiful early morning light. AND they traveled to Madison, WI, for our wedding without raising the price. It's hard to believe that all that was included in the extremely reasonable price!

They met with us and asked about the look we were going for. That way, they made sure to get OUR style and make it feel natural, instead of like a posed photo shoot. Their aesthetic was just what we were going for: whimsical, bright, natural, Kinfolky, etc.  Indeed, they caught the most amazing photos on our wedding day! Details I never would have seen without them. 

And they had our photos ready in less than two weeks! I've known wedding photographers who take MONTHS to edit and get back to clients. We are using one of their photos for our "Thank You" cards for guests and will print photos into a keepsake book for our parents. And frame a ton of them for ourselves. :)

And what can I say about Maria and En Tao themselves? They were so professional, yet made us all feel comfortable in front of the camera (especially those of us who feel particularly awkward having their photo taken :) They took the time to learn the names of our extended family members. They were gentle and patient with their instructions. And they made us laugh! 

I would highly highly recommend MJP for your engagement, wedding (and boudoir!) photos. They really know how to treat their clients with respect, and they deliver an absolutely beautiful product that tells your own love story.
